 - canno tthe gods of old wait to take thier claim, their blasted claim witch they ascribe to themselves with no more credibility than a message scratch on a tree, a heartfelt letter written anonsomly, cannot they wait for paitience is their ultimate domain but yet now they must take, take and take no trade or bargain to be had between vendors but anudualterated burgarly upon the populace. why can't they wait to take?
 - Hope can only carry a man so far before it's arms give out and drop him upon the sands of sorrow. Though without the better compatriots of mankind, hope will and spirit, he must still trudge towards the obelisk of truth before his legs crash and he is left in despair once again. This is an attempt in vain for the tower lays outside the reach of humanity, but a great service is done nonetheless if he so trudges an inch further than any man before him. 
 - the sounds of sorrow sow themselves to settle in my ear and reap a harvest of despair. So I must destroy my inner voice least it joins the choir of the hopeless. Then I shall wrest my eyes from their pedestals shielding myself from the sadistic sights of the sorrow less. And last I rid my ears, to become deaf and blind to the hellscape surrounding me.
 - Time. a thing quatified behond measure. I always have a watch on me. is practise one or two, is passing period 12 or 12:30. sometimes you have a sudden relization of how fast time has past. like you woke up from a slumber and the morning dew has already evaporated and now the suns staring you down. Other times you are lost in consiousness, realizing the sands of time a grain at a time, the word seeming to stand still with an eternity passing for what you think is a minute.A drop of water lost in the mist of time.
 - time is a vise upon my mind, squeezing out the last drop of creativity that I bear, and In it's wake I tremble and shake for all that is left is a shirvield husk of despari
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE3NDI0ODI4NzIsMTQ5MDgwMTgzMywtMT
c5MDc4MzQ1Nl19
-->